One of the issues that many of us face is the arising of afflicted emotions. It seems you've been
addressing that to some degree.
Have you a suggestion for how to intervene when we feel the emotion arising so that we can cut it
and let it go?
And that is when we are practicing Dzogchen Meditation, or according to Dzogchen Meditation, then
just this is everything.
There is nothing more needed than liberating what the Dzogchen teaching means.
Liberating that. Liberating that means with the emotions arising, that any emotions arising, look
to that emotion by yourself.
Look to that and look at what this emotion is, where it comes from.
When you ask that simple two questions, or one question, that moment, emotion, whatever that
consumption is liberated.
There is nothing substantially existing there.
And with that, then you apply some degree of those devotions and bodhicata.
Those are generally the Mahayana teaching, and also the Dzogchen teaching, so those will help with
that.
And first, when you do this Dzogchen level, this is the best.
It's instantly liberated, and even though it comes back, but it lost some strength of the emotions
of the first.
First, it becomes 100% power with power, and when you do that, it will last maybe at least 10, 15,
20 persons, lost strength.
Then, maybe you can use other techniques, such as Mahayana techniques, bodhicata, loving-kind to
compare.
When emotion comes, there is always some object.
Emotions, or in the teachings, imagine that the emotions, or the positive thought, or negative
thought, when we have, mostly it really comes.
Actually, it all comes with external, some object, or external, or something, due to the inner
tension.
It comes as something cause, cause.
So therefore, most of the time, it may be caused by some individuals, caused by some beings, and so
on.
So, that is happening, and they really like both each other, both each other.
And then, what the great Mahatma Shanti Deva said, "All this happening is that what they are doing
is, because they are not trying, because they are so smart."
Smart. This is happening because they are, they are also completely intoxicated by that dull or the
ignorance, darknesses.
And then, maybe that will be a gentle ego clinging, and that's not how that happens.
So, this fundamentally is the ignorance, that is ego clinging.
Ego clinging is a mistake. Again, it is not, you know, developed by the dualities.
Dualities. So, it is really, it will do to them.
This happens all, this is by the ignorance, therefore, I am not going to too much upset with that,
and I am going to be more convinced, and more practiced, and to dedicate it to everyone,
to don the life of the wisdom in their heart and mind.
So, they also were not going to mistakes, mistakes that were also,
generally, it will also damage themselves to you.
It is not something going, or is in one way, it comes back both ways.
So, it was not good. So, thinking of that is then kind of emotional, radical.
And then also, maybe apply the zogic technique, sub-liberating thing,
the kind of alternating those things, diagonal fold.
It will really help, reduce, to take care of that.
But the best one is really zogic. That's what here is it.
They told them that liberating with confidence, competent with confidence on the womb,
and then liberated. That's it.
There is nothing substantial solid existing. I am not letting go.
If you do that, that is called fearless yogini,
yogini with zokimoo, taking care of the situations.
Thank you.